Ever since the first humans
rejected Jehovah God as Ruler,
our world has been plagued
with evil and suffering.
But Jesus offered hope.
He taught that as King of God’s Kingdom,
he would restore peace
and justice to the earth.
But when would that Kingdom
begin to rule?
According to the Bible,
it is ruling right now!
How do we know that?
Consider what happened over 2,600 years ago.
Jehovah God caused Nebuchadnezzar,
a King of ancient Babylon,
to have a prophetic dream.
In the dream,
Nebuchadnezzar saw a giant tree
that reached all the way to heaven.
The tree was cut down,
but its stump was left in the ground.
After a period of “seven times,”
the tree grew again.
The Bible indicates that this dream
would have two fulfillments.
The first had to do
with King Nebuchadnezzar himself.
He was very prominent
—like the tree that reached
all the way to heaven.
But he was cut down for “seven times.”
This happened when Nebuchadnezzar
lost his sanity for seven years.
During that time,
he was unable to rule as king.
At the end of the seven times,
Nebuchadnezzar regained his sanity
and started ruling again.
That was the first fulfillment
of this prophecy.
What was the second fulfillment?
It had to do with God’s rulership.
The Bible says that kings in ancient Israel
“sat on Jehovah’s throne.”
In other words,
they represented God and his rulership.
However, most of those kings
became disobedient to Jehovah
and so did most of their subjects.
Because of their disobedience,
God allowed the Israelites
to be conquered by the Babylonians,
who destroyed the city of Jerusalem
in 607 B.C.E.
From that time on,
no more kings represented Jehovah
in Jerusalem.
Thus, 607 B.C.E.
marked the beginning of the seven times,
or the period when God’s rulership
would be interrupted.
That period would last
until Jehovah installed
a new king to represent Him
—this time, someone in heaven.
When would that happen?
In the second fulfillment of this prophecy,
the seven times must be
more than seven literal years.
How do we know?
For one thing, nothing significant
relating to God’s rulership happened
seven years after Jerusalem was destroyed.
And centuries later,
Jesus indicated that the seven times
had not yet ended.
In a prophecy about the last days,
Jesus said that Jerusalem,
or God’s rulership,
would “be trampled on by the nations
“until the appointed times of the nations
are fulfilled.”
“The appointed times of the nations”
are the same as the “seven times.”
When would those “times” end?
The Bible book of Revelation says
that three and a half times
equal 1,260 days.
So seven times is double that number,
or 2,520 days.
In Bible prophecy,
a day can represent a year.
That is the case with the prophecy
about the seven times.
They represent 2,520 years.
Counting forward from 607 B.C.E.,
2,520 years
takes us to the year 1914
—the year that the seven times ended
and Jesus began ruling from heaven
as King of God’s Kingdom.
That began a period
that the Bible calls “the last days.”
Soon,
Jesus will finish gathering
the rest of his corulers
to join him in heaven.
God’s Kingdom will then undo every problem
that afflicts us and our families.
Imagine living there
under the rulership of a King
who really cares about you!